DOCS-782: Clean up Viam rover fragment formatting (#1669)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/try-viam/rover-resources/rover-tutorial-fragments.md

{{<imgproc src="try-viam/rover-resources/fragments/fragment_configuration.png" resize="1200x" alt="Fragment configuration">}}

The fragment adds the following components to your robot's JSON configuration.

> For information about how you would configure a component yourself if you weren't using the fragment, click the links on each component below.

Reviewer: Avoid conditionals
```suggestion
If you would like to configure each component yourself, click the respective links on each component below.
```

Author: We already told them to add the fragment and save the config. I agree with moving these two sentences to below the list, but I think this change makes it more confusing?

Author: ```suggestion
```

> To see the pin numbers and other values specific to this fragment, [see the components on the configuration page](#see-the-components-on-the-configuration-page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the configured pin numbers and other values specific to this fragment, [see the components on the configuration page](#see-the-components-on-the-configuration-page).
```

Author: ```suggestion
```
Applying below (moving to below list)

> - A [board component](/components/board/pi/) named `local` representing the Raspberry Pi

Reviewer: This no longer has any relation to the first sentence in the paragraph. Move the two sentences you've added to below the list.

Reviewer: Also this list is not fully accurate. It also adds a base_remote_control service, and an input controller

Author: done

  - An I<sup>2</sup>C bus is configured on the board because the accelerometer connects to the board with I<sup>2</sup>C.
- Two [motors](/components/motor/gpio/) (`right` and `left`)
  - The configured pin numbers correspond to where the motor drivers are connected to the board.
- Two [encoders](/components/encoder/single/), one for each motor

> - A wheeled [base](/components/base/), an abstraction that coordinates the motors for steering

Reviewer: I think adding the following attributes here would be helpful:
* Wheel circumference (mm): 217
  * Width (mm): 260
  * Spin slip factor: 1
  
Yes they are in the configuration but without looking there they're values that aren't immediately obvious without the user doing work

Reviewer: the same goes for the motor. Let's add those values on the list.

Author: ```suggestion
- A wheeled [base](/components/base/), an abstraction that coordinates the movement of the right and left motors.
The width between the wheel centers is 260mm, the wheel circumference is 217mm, and the spin slip factor is 1.
```
How about that?

{{<imgproc src="try-viam/rover-resources/fragments/fragment_configuration.png" resize="1200x" alt="Fragment configuration">}}

> The fragment adds the following components to your robot's JSON configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fragment adds the following components to your robot's JSON configuration:
```

- A [board component](/components/board/pi/) named `local` representing the Raspberry Pi

>   - An I<sup>2</sup>C bus is configured on the board because the accelerometer connects to the board with I<sup>2</sup>C.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An I<sup>2</sup>C bus for connection to the accelerometer.
```

Author: Ooh yeah that is better :D

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{% /alert %}}

```suggestion
- An [accelerometer](/components/movement-sensor/adxl345/)

For information about how you would configure a component yourself if you weren't using the fragment, click the links on each component above.
To see the configured pin numbers and other values specific to this fragment, [see the components on the configuration page](#see-the-components-on-the-configuration-page).
```
```

{{% /alert %}}

For information about how you would configure a component yourself if you weren't using the fragment, click the links on each component above.

> To see the configured pin numbers and other values specific to this fragment, [see the components on the configuration page](#see-the-components-on-the-configuration-page).

Reviewer: But if you were to configure it yourself you wouldn't have them there, how about
```suggestion
To see the configured pin numbers and other values specific to this fragment, [see the Viam Rover fragment in the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/fragment?id=3e8e0e1c-f515-4eac-8307-b6c9de7cfb84).
```

Author: Ooh I didn't mean for people to actually configure things themselves, just as a hypothetical. I guess this works too though?
